boards: waveshare: add basic support for ESP32S3 Industrial Controller boards (#106866)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/waveshare/esp32s3_eth_8di_8ro/doc/index.rst

.. zephyr:board:: esp32s3_eth_8di_8ro

Overview
********

The Waveshare ESP32-S3(-POE)-ETH-8DI-8RO(-C) is a PLC form-factor controller for industrial and building automation applications.
It features multiple connectivity options (Wi-Fi, Ethernet, RS485/CAN - in the **-C** variant) and flexible power input (7~36V DC, USB-C, or PoE - in the **-POE** variant).

You can find more details about the boards on `Waveshare ESP32-S3-ETH-8DI-8RO Product Page`_.

Hint:

> There is no POE variant in Zephyr as it only concerns the power supply.

Reviewer: You could use a note here to better render it:
```c
.. note::

   There is no PoE variant in Zephyr, as PoE only concerns the power supply.
```

Author: solved in fdf776f

> There is no POE variant in Zephyr, as PoE only concerns the power supply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   There is no separate PoE variant in Zephyr, as PoE only affects the
   power supply and not the software configuration.
```

Author: fixed in 33f54af48504ad7ee6dcad05ec8a0313fc768255
